# Track Generation

> Source: Dark Future - Rulebook.pdf
> Pages: 74-80
> Status: raw OCR chapter split, not proofread.


## Page 74

> TRACK GENERATION “4 ~<a
. INITIAL TRACK GENERATION ~<« Curves are either ninety-degree comers or 60 degree bends
2 t in ich way it’s going, you
For your first few games, we recommend you set up the must roll two ‘ice one after another The first rollis for
track according to the introductory games. Once you've the type (either a corner or a bend) the second roll is for
got the feel of the game, however, you can set up track Gi-ection (left or right). On the first roll, a score of 5 or 6
: lay-outs by using the simple system below. gives a tight corner, a 1, 2, 3, or 4 gives a broader bend.
At the start of the game, draw three straight track sections. On the second dice, odd numbers give curves to the left,
Place them end-to-end at one side of the table. Once the —_ evens are to the right.
first three sections have been laid, either of the players A . ra
: : rolls a dice for the third. A score of 1-4 is a straight, a 5 tiwey 2 signe aes 1 tne track section following it fs
i or 6 is a curve. This process continues until there are ten “ .
! track sections in play. randomly generated, they are always straights. .
‘ SAMPLE TRACK.
1ST ROLL:'S-CURVE
2ND ROLL:5-CORNER -
RO ROLL:ODD - LEFT-HAND -
Vi ver mousca-ermavowr ||| ]]] wens ame now maven areasanr
i hl GENERATION PROCESS ENDS. :
ER Ce] ——
EAS \ HN
: = .
: AUTOMATIC AUTOMATIC 187 ROLL:4-BTRAIGHT ttteee
STRAIGHT BTRAIGHT
eel | 0TH] cate |
5 marncamae = Hi
|
: HI ‘THREE BECTION ne , : oa
F oe inhieniehiad Zy 1ST ROLLIT-BTRAIQHT Nina STARTING STRAIGHT |
KEL nee, 0S }
. yes 3RD ROLL:ODD - LEFT-HAND Bat auromanie teeters
Wij YT ROLL:S-CURVE HH ereaiany settee
2ND ROLL:5-CORNE! A
2 + RIGHT-HAND tot
LM \ . “ne /. venre wy) 1:97 mena DURVE /]
1:7 ROLL:5-CURVE an ae es 2ND ROLL:3" ee 7
i YGosaa== 1 Finer ROLL:4 STRAIGHT Jy
eee, 3RD ROLL:ODD - LEFT-HAND
Of, 7 i iS |
Ful GG, AUTOMATIC STRAIGHT
THREE-SECTION
i al STARTING BTRAIGHT. MiG VA ieT ROLL:6-CURVE
_—— 2ND Ri 34
. ' mee aT : mati aro ROLLIOOO-LEFT j
“SECTION
: STARTING BTRAIGHT nin rl :
. Hitt AUTOMATIC STRAIGHT .
! . “evomane STRAIGHT
: wT ROLL :6-CURVE NSE .
. 2ND ROLL:5-
. 3RD ROLL:OOD-LEFTHAND =
eee eeeereeeee eee ccceee eee eeeeeee en eeeeeeeeeeeeee eee eras
The Mob made the best career decision in history when —_ counterparts to restrain the new street gangs from
they merged with the corrupt ruling classes of certain key areas, but relations are still tenuous in the
Washington, Hollywood and beyond. Now they extreme. ;
dominate ail major crime throughout the east coast and The smaller criminal gangs range from the west coast’s
having been ousted from the west Chinese triads and Mexican bloods to the radical black
coast by the various yakuza. Thelatter aredevastatingly <7; Fundar ent lista ft he Ne e Ke a N v4
efficient and ruthless, and are rapidly infiltrating the labyrinths. F fit ir 's ot fe fi @ New Yor! mi oGo
; mafia networks of Detroit and Chicago with a 4 basi ‘ac and yan he oe te weekly and
; combination of terror and rewards. Some family dons $5 Vistoctien an oust the ot the ku power or
a have managed to strike deals with their eastern S°P © matia or yakuza.

## Page 75

: In certain rare circumstances you might find that all **
. sections of a particular type are already in use, as inthe =
: example above. Whenever this happens, and the track A
; : called for is a curve, use the other sort of curve - ie switch S=seaaees= WN
: bends for corners and corners for bends. ee :
: If the required track is a straight, and all the straights are : \\ ‘i :
: in play, the track generation ends. The finish is deemed UT ,
. : to be wherever the track has stopped and no new track il
: is generated (the second part of the diagram above ,
: illustrates this rule). Hn
: When a series of bends in the same direction is generated, AUTOMATICALLY GOES To Apis .
: the track is in danger of turning back on itself. When there THE LEFT. ===
7 have been two curves in the same direction, any following a : Es
. curve is automatically in the opposite direction. This is f i =————
: called the 780° ru/e, illustrated on the diagram i a ;
: CONTINUOUS GENERATION :
. : The early scenarios are played out over a stretch of seven The dice for generating track should be rolled by the driver
: track sections. Once the cars move off the end, thegame _ of the lead car.
: is over. The continuous track generation system is used N ki hi .
: in the more advanced scenarios to allow the gametokeep ! id track " generated by the same dice sequence used
| J going unti! the cars are destroyed or the lead car manages ir u Sine reek generation rules Onin above - The the
: to get sufficiently far ahead to escape. As the cars race hat ice roll 1-4 Is ; ‘lon’ t, 5 or 6 is nt alec, e rule
: along the road, track sections are removed from the back _ that every curve is followed by a straight also applies.
: and new ones laid in front to replace them. As the game .
i progresses, the cars move forward, new boards are lad STRAIGHT SECTIONS :
: down and old ones are removed. The big advantage of a straight is that drivers can see
To start the continuous generation process, the players | what’s ahead. A leading vehicle which is on a straight
: should place three straight sections on the table andthen —_ section is always allowed to generate more track so that
z generate new ones upto the limit of the lead driver's line there are either three sections of track after the one the
i of sight. This is up to the next curve, or three straight car is on, or up to a curve - which blocks the driver's line
: sections ahead. ; of sight.
: ' 1 THE CURVE BLOCKS THE
: toa LEAD CARS ViEW, THE FIRBT ROLL:4-BTRAIGHT— t
: : ! GENERATION PROCESS [tS ENDED. "
; ; ; First RORLIS-CURVE —
§ y SECOND ROLL: | N
i Fina? ROLL:2 STRAIGHT Lik Hi nl
a i 7 i
i FIRST ROLL: 4-8 TRAIGHT —|
: | iat FIRST ROLL:4-STRAIGHT 1
i iN
: ONTO NEW STRAIGHT. .
: : — FIRST ROLL:3-STRAIGHT Leap caR — a
i ot Pa LEAD CAR’S ORIVER KEEPS ROLLING UP 8)
: : ° . by STRAIGHTS, THE GENERATION PROCESS Lull]
i Hy STOPS WHEN THERE ARE THREE MORE Ly)
| AFTER MOVING, THE LEAD CAR HAS ONLY | STRAIGHTS AHEAD. ZY,
: | TWO SECTIONS GF STRAIGHT TRACK tit EES
H : AHEAD, SO IS ALLOWED TO GENERATE A . 5 cD
: ‘ose) NEW TRACK, IT TURNS OUT TO BE Zz ea
ANOTHER STRAIGHT. atl EEE
/ ZZ
a
H wi WAN Wy baa “5 tw, =
ee Sa) Z7gy C=
: : LEE ie WS" . y= - | .

## Page 76

CURVES ; ~«a .
. Curves block a driver's view of the road ahead. When a Curves are always followed by a straight. The straight isn’t
; curve is generated the process stops and nobody finds _ placed on the table until the lead vehicle moves onto the
out what’s round it until they are in a position to see. curve itself. ; . :
Whenever a curve is generated, the player rollstosee which —_ Extra track is generated after a curve only after a car has
sort it is and which direction it’s going in. Continuous moved off the curve and into the mandatory straight.
generation then stops. ;
Lead ay ‘
: > oe . :
Qe IS
LEAD CAR N \ oe oh SN
* oN ee aie >
a ! 18T ROLL:2-STRAIGHT a <A HOF
4 * 1BT ROLL:6-CURVE © oF » S
Ry “Mey - 2ND ROLL:1-BENO _o . :
* . es a “ x
{~ a, : AUTOMATIC STRAIGHT —— a -
. {SFE ALTHOUGH CURVES ARE ALWave \* \
STRAH 18 NO’ LA
TRACK GENERATION ENDS a
WITH A CURVE WHICH BLOCKS . oar SS
LINE OF SIGHT. .
REMOVING TRACK ~~!
The rules so far have concentrated on placing the track _ In the random generation system there may never be more
. in front of the chase. This section is equally important. In _ than seven track sections in play at any one time. Whenever
order to keep the track sections circulating, ‘old’ track must anew section of track is being placed and there are already
be taken off the back of the seven section stretch. This seven sections in play, the one at the back must be
is fairly important if you happen to be driving something removed. The diagram below illustrates the process of
on the section which is being removed... removing the track so there are never more than seven
«iis = the lie sections in play: oe ache ee .
THREE NEW TRACK SECTIONS GENERATED.
FIRST ROLL:3-STRAIGMT
FIRST ROLL:5-CURVE
BECOND ROLL +4-@END |. yy
. “TOS FS THIRD ROLL:ODD - LEFT-HAND — ae ae
: | : FIRST ROLL:6-CURVE er
1 Firat ROLL:3-8TRAIGHT Leap can THIRD ROLU:GDD ~ LEFT-HAND
| FIRBT ROLL:4-BTRAIGHT
i Ly
| TWO OLD TRACKS ARE eens > THREE OLD TRACK SECTIONS REMOVED.
| Moneoves uber | 7 7]
: | oot TWO NEW TRACKB ARE by
. GENERATED. i
ONE OLD TRACK SECTION IB FIRST ROLL:5-CURVE
REMOVED. SECOND ROLL:1-BEND
: ~~ THIRD ROLL:EVEN - RIGHT-HAND
. : fens car SOE
ONE OLD TRACK SECTION 18 pt RD
ae ~ REMOVED, A +
Goueeaves to SECTION 18 _ . | . * Gr
TT Tt rs ry ONE NEW TRACK SECTION 19
FIRST ROLL:4-BTRAIGHT °
. mene enneeenereneememnemeemeemeremmmmienemeaaeinemenrmneeeranennrereneeemmneneeeremenn en men er Re

## Page 77

: ; N _ = CHANGING DIRECTIONS
, : - . . The rules above assume that all the cars are heading in
. : 3 the same direction. If a car U-turns, then there may be
: 7 vehicles going in opposite directions. .
: ho In cases like this, track is generated for the lead car going
: = S in the direction of play. The direction of play is determined
; i : \ | NX) by the majority of cars - if there are two cars going the
i . same way and another one going in the opposite direction,
i LOS FG the direction of play is that travelled by the two.cars.
i Whenever there are equal numbers of vehicles in opposite
! directions, the old driection of play remains in force. Cars
: : . . going in the opposite direction to the direction of play will
| If there are any vehicles or passive weapon markers on drive off the edge of the board and /eave play. They may
; this section, they are removed from play. Cars removed not re-enter the game. o :
i in this fashion aren't damaged but can’t take any more part ao " .
i in the game. This is referred to as /eaving play-the moment When the direction of play is changed, new track is
: a car goes off the end of the track system itis out of the generated using all the rules given above.
: game and cannot re-enter, although there is no risk of Particularly astute players might have noticed that this
. i damage. means that if the cars turn round they'll be going along
: Cars are most likely to fall behind in this way when the 4 entirely different stretch of road - because it’s being
: leading car moves onto a straight section after acorner. generated all over again. This happens so rarely that it isn’t
i usually worth keeping a record of the old track. Recording
Dy Vehicles cannot stop themselves being removed from play track as it is removed - along with the position of any
i even if they have yet to move in the current phase and their Passive weapons, wrecks etc - can add a little extra detail
i move will take them onto a new board. to the game, but more often than not, it’s wasted effort.
; 3 NEW STRAIGHTS - Zee==N
5 ° MEX - THE LEAD CAR HAS JUST MOVED OFF A CORNER. THE = 2
‘ 3 DICE ROLLEO FOR NEW TRACK SECTIONS ALL CAME
if UP 4 OR LESS. WHEN THE THIRD TRACK SECTION IS: ~—
. i PLACED THERE WILL SE EIGHT SECTIONS IN PLAY 80 —
i THE ONE AT THE REAR IS REMOVED, AS IS THE CAR
i WHICH 18 ON IT. \
i REMOVED
2
WAS ti
Ae SDIPOZAT IONS |
i p . The largest corporation in the US - and in Japan
i and Korea too - is Gerilech, a gigantic industrial combine
. j Further rumours assert major criminal connections at the forefront of technological innovation which
i between the gangsters and the larger corporations which _ has a finger in every profitable pie in the continent. Recent
i now hold so much sway over daily life in the US. While reports hint that Gerilech is in turn funded by a shadowy
i this is probably true for many smaller operations, it is industrialist organisation known as Temple, who are known
i * unlikely that the larger concerns do more than hire the to have had links with a number of fringe religious cults
| hoods for specific shady tasks. and reactionary pressure groups in the past.
i a, ~ . nie ne Sai ge ee
Ss et el

## Page 78

RANDOM ROAD HAZARDS: ~<a Very rarely, there won't be enough markers to represent
. . . all the hazards required, or there won't be enough of the
: Storming along with your foot to the floor is all very well same type. In these cases, place as many of the appropriate
. when you've got a clear, straight stretch of road ahead. markers as you can, and ignore ones which can’t be
But the desert roads and dirt tracks in the USA of the Dark represented - don’t roll for a different type if you run out
Future are not always as well maintained as they should of one.
be. To reflect this poor state of repair, we've included a .
number of road hazard markers in the box, andthe system Of course, experienced modellers may wish to make their
. below explains how you should place them on the track © own, three-dimensional markers for hazards. Sand, flock,
when generating continuous, new sections of track. or ballast is readily available from any model shop and can
easily be glued to strips of card to create the desired effect.
There are three types of road hazard:
Sand : ; Generation ;
: . To determine the number and nature of the obstacles both
y ” . 7 the large dice should be rolied.
i , . . . mo, The number on the higher scoring dice gives you the type
of road hazard:
“ Highest Road
, Score Hazard
. 6 Sand :
- y\ . da 5 Debris . >
The product of constant-drifting, or sudden, vicious , 4 or less Obstacles
sandstorms. The number on the lower scoring dice gives the side of LS
' the road on which they should be placed - odd numbers
Debris are left, evens are right. This is also the number of markers
wy . ~~ to be placed.
. A " : A : Markers should be placed, in the order generated, from
n Vea fa the space nearest to the start of the track, and working
Le ae y fxic forwards in the direction of play.
Garbage, eroded pavements and the wreckage of id Lan e
: earlier combat. . : | —_ = .
Obstacles 4 —
3 oe | TWO SAND MARKERS.
ae . ‘ aS ARES . -
pe _——ee A
tig, f ilies — aa . On straight sections there are 3 spaces on the tracks, on
oe ee curves there are 2-5 spaces. Sometimes there will be more
ee A | than enough counters to fill the entire side. In these cases,
» a wear’ Se y any counters which won't fit should be placed on the next _S
: a track section. . ;
The remains of old road blocks, fallen trees and ‘wrecks. 4 . ~~
When to use Random Road Hazards — —
Whenever a new section of track is brought into play, roll ye (Ss wa Be ESN
a dice for the placement of a random road hazard. If the ee iA SS CRS
i dice scores a 1 there is some sort of random hazard on pe _ ~ EEN
that track section. — i _ ; .
Random hazard markers are placed on the edges of the ' _ + _ ss
7 road so that they occupy three lanes in a single space. ne ew \
\
ww 4 : \X\\
THE TWO DICE GIVE 5 SAND MARKERS ON THE LEFT HAND
<= > SIDE OF A STRAIGHT. THE FOURTH AND FIFTH SAND
a +—~ MARKERS ARE PLACED ON THE NEXT TRACK ALONG.
Xe
i ee ° Doubles :
\ WA If the dice score a double one or a double two there is a
+ rail-road crossing, see the special rules below.
a If the dice score a double 3 or higher - there are obstacles
on both sides of the road. Roll the two dice again, first
to generate the obstacles on the left, then for the ones
on the right. Use the system above for determining the
: iN : 4 number and nature of the obstacles. If either dice throw
: _ . « "scores a double, ignore the result and re-roll.

## Page 79

_ onset CED 9”
. Effects of Road Hazards ~ Rt
. ards, ae ‘dd RAILROAD CROSSING. “a
“ Drivers moving through sand must take an immediate .
: hazard roll against a safety limit of 30mph.
‘ Debris : : : ;
: , Drivers moving through debris test against a safety limit
: of 10mph. ‘
- Obstacles “ : 4
; A collision with an obstacle is treated as a collision with
- a wreck (see p57). In most cases this will be a straight i ig
‘ head-on ram. In the rare event of it being a sideswipe oo
’ caused by skidding, the vehicle automatically loses the _A railroad crossing is treated as a hazard with a 6Omph
; sideswipe test (see p54). safety limit. In addition to this, drivers moving onto the
: Obstacles can’t be destroyed by firing at them or dri ing railroad must roll the dice again. If the dice score a double
Z a ih ved by firing jemorariving 1 the car gets mashed to teeny bits by a speeding express
3 into them, Ls train. The vehicle and all others on the railroad section are
. £ . : : 4e.s. removed from play immediately. Drivers of vehicles hit by
: Railroad Crossing . trains suffer a critical hit with +2 to the roll on the results
: ailroads on straight track sections should be placed  tabie (p34). The train is assumed to have passed and has toe
... across the central spaces, those on curves are Placed on ng further effect on the game - although there’s the same .
5 ) the end spaces, as shown on the diagram chance of another coming along.
f
y OLD AND NEW wo ARETE a ORS eee se eT
t The hardline old-time religions have on hee Coa ee ee an
: survived, especially amongst the older, Worse Br re hh ee ee ee ae
: moneyed classes, by virtue of their Ayam Ae SORES Necorie Pie ON Ne es °
: alarmist ultra-right preachings ofdoom [BAI Fai, So Ee: | RHR IMB 20 ag
é and disaster. Their power over the sinner VaR: | it ast Dk, Se ce or
: in the street has been whittled away, —RSSS AVG Uy ee ERS Te ne wed
: first by a strong east coast Islamic Fhe nN Vie an tg Po ee var \ 7 le i
‘ movement, and then by a number of AiQ(i# ct phe aA Ve ! we BE Ea a
: much newer (or perhaps much older!) PRaseAeeay may NEE AN oli PEN _ \ Me a,
: : cults which have begun springing up PX y, Se Pra AS cols *\ A\ aera Poa
; among the forgotten people of NoGo. 5 Si re See eam eee \iGrma SS ay vO
: : The cults seem to hark back to pre- “Nhe. “ee SEN a ‘ON p & pNe EK
: Christian paganism, demanding one sa LR Se ant: DRS? NS) SN ES
extreme measures such as mutilation , aa ee ae Cae "ints VS — Ps ~~
: and sacrifice to effect a change in 5 (A . BAG NY) OS NSS ES : Ses ae 7
society and to give the individual acolyte 4 a Ae og = Oy a é bash!
: new powers. Their influence is Bég ~~ we “oS NSS k QP she
; pernicious in the extreme, as vA “ pe : SNE (sci ;
_ disillusioned people stop believing in {fr r Ny & “iy ou. ‘ b- — a
. - 4 science and technology and start ve ‘ PAYS oon. . is Ay wh Re Se
: looking beyond typical human behaviour ON RR BONS iy e
: for a way out of the cess-pit thatis their [fal AVE a) i N es an Pangy ivy eq :
: . lives. The new cults seem to offer [na = Woh? ge Set igiteay <2 ANS.
: worshippers hope and freedom - [XNGMRS a Ae eel Ly Ba i eee
‘ especially in view of the increasing PP @REEgS\ “re Sy | Qe , WAN A
- rumours of top flight scientists FIRMyey* <i 04, y RS Ny
; ' disappearing after circulating reports of PRS ‘ 0 r ‘ x aw A
: a breakdown in the laws of physics, and f | $ i, a 23
: an erosion of the principles that hold the Cm . ae 4 ; me eS 3
: universe together. But whether this is a 1 oy en, Tae i.
groundless scare-mongering, or the first NS ' aS SRR %, ¥
: signs of something more sinister, is hard % & ea Vs & al ”
: 2 to tell. So far, no one has been able to Sa Ca ES eae
~ . produce an establishment figure to go
: on the record with some hard facts, but
: then, that is hardly surprising. .
; ‘As a scientist, you come to depend on certain things. You come to expect that, if an experiment is repeated
é a number of times under exactly the same conditions, the results will be the same each time. You come to
’ believe in certain fundamental laws of physics, and you come to expect matter and energy to behave in certain
‘ ways under certain conditions. So when this doesn’t happen - for no reason you can discover - you naturally
: begin to worry: ;
. - Prof. Norman Schultz, MIT, November 12th 1994. Prof. Schultz disappeared two days later, and he has not
‘ been seen since. yee : .

## Page 80

} a
,
oe Ben arn oe = 4 The corporations own every last part of the legal media,
= “s mee d al roy ea through dictatorial advertising accounts and direct
: : as ee ? aod ai = a a (hidden and public) ownership. Game shows, chat
ata Je Boe hE ty Se il) eT shows and other lowest-common-denominator
aces Ura “| ‘ tal ’ ft Bef NE Lh Ea entertainment runs 24-hours. Glossy soaps promote
; ee ke i . ct oo ay a fa the latest company products while presenting a fantasy
. : Oe i i: ics ] a ik Bi world of money and glamour far removed from real life.
i : gn - f . lu However, broadcasting equipment is cheap and people
Ns , SB. are always willing to broadcast their own views to the
p Es Neenah a « world. Pirate radio and television stations are
cna ce eS ee 2 _ ( everywhere, and it is only through these that any truth
| — — = about the world is broadcast.
| .
(AKASH) unchecked by a feeble government
(STORAGE paca EPROM entangled in its own free-
{READY X-414F market theories, continue to pump r
the got Sucker bitbox. My n filth into the world and conduct
ee mind) andl’ going toreag their own highly dangerous
Shredder incepe gvor™ incept. experiments. Rumours abound of
you jerks hiding thig "aby. No use pharmaceutical corporations using
boning See the slime you ony sections of NoGo as test areas for
' Open sesame} ‘ave Despite the unswerving optimism "ew viral strains; others whisper of
aecord g004- that politicians and businessmen Sterile desert labs used for probing
File DG.724 PC ge. on sv show in public, the United States further and further into sub-atomic
V27/95- ReMole Corpor 74% are in a mess. The twin vices of Physics in the quest for true
Ongeind Tow cevesls Toyigornian unlimited money and uncontroll- tificial intelligence. Occasionally
opera eb of ever $30 man able violence are slowly but surely SOmeone claiming to be a research
owgness WANTS Tech Coreen an dragging the country down into an scientist from some corporate lab
plus thrOUTN Ship of Cal 9-30 era of hi-tech barbarism. It is a OF Other will try to tell the world that
. front. Owe of koe Honshe country where anything can be the laws of physics are falling apart
busin now oO gisappeate™ bought if the price is right, where around our ears, and then
: pperative sive found her. a life is cheaper than a tankful of disappears. Such rumours are
orggest erm * gasoline, where the only important Snapped up by a populace ever-
(File AG.72452, Record 8004. things are making the sale and eager to believe in every last
11/2/94, DCS, Code 3. making the kill. In 1995 the CIA, for Superstition and conspiracy.
Suspicions of increased Ugretsu the first time in its 48-year histor i
yakuza activity in Denver confirmed carried out more operations withig Among the lost kids of NoGo,
by assassination of agent the USA's border th tside i cultism is rife. Sects and cults of
Hammerhead together with four r than outside it. every shade flourish - especially
appalino secondmen . _ ; . .
. prearranged meet. Ugretsu believed The physical conditions which have those win connote violence and
working for Hokusai. forced so many people into the "Ug abuse. Sometimes they invent
es . . their own, or steal ideas from a vid.
Be cities are worsening daily. The Sometimes other names
: mec eo increasingly-frequent revelations of investigators’ files marae
nor. O- nr on secret government experiments in jyo¢ they ri . b hi
DOTA C088 0 08 4a WES te nuclear physics and radiationhave P’° apie ey ring up about them
C5192 GUN NE ai8E ot been blamed for speeding up the try to change the subject...
Sane Bee Oar S476) catastrophe. The corporations, How much longer can it last?
aN view errs oe o' est : osie®
GEE Lyne Sut Peeves
ye cad AO 308 Bag 9623.
nerd , 088 oP ow ee (File AH.0040 (File AH.40401. Record
Rees AM Sine TOK O21 9/1/94. TEP. Code RCO" 9623, 7/5195. FDR. Code be stare
N . wo . fi . le 2. ° tive ma .
eee Sos ON. 40 eco? ° 3 Lakeside aneitd acitivity in tce-9 level 1 origin Yokoham'e:
ere 95092 004° & ode) prove oO after arrival i responds intru
serve & oe ve PRO oN cost YN PF ae? ne Charlie Do in area of | Trace wake Cor This time
err, att FE 5193: ene on Ot cin W Shaman and healer; 7 suPPosed ff codename Harvester. eeeiay on
. out AZIDE pene anit ot eXP Eon Y Cult. Dog ler Of T-Bird proto. ff we've got him. Feedback delay © ,
arn EME on ery cane guasion Vy, 9 reported to b, ‘ me like a faulty Sovie
{File apy Sefer oN am. Devas BP eve re - suggese Wood Sacrifice, Survennnd what oor webcutter unit allows
Bnzva6, pol. Recorg 9 ape Son te NHK eRe. ee /INo action. ce pinpoint to Apartment 512, Be
ogman, OF. Code 3 228, pwret oped Wi orrifier etaiNc, irohito Centre, Yanshin, YOK
Harvard, 2K? Joseph as SUNY opie? “gab Hiro! e F. Suggest
aid, Dh ne! 0 © nd rotected Zon
mgin farm wored two meePhan aerierovees ened oneatt anet temmproik:oiyd
Witnesastile Vietinne ¥ biting our Kane aves eens tena Oe That's all need to know. Erase. Esc-
estraj et jon © Kor .
remaii t Stk SW of plot mfish g Viewind | calor The Harvester.
Ins, Reno. y, Vo at gteeley 3
; OVer i212 5
