# Scenarios

> Source: whitelinefever.pdf
> Pages: 45-48
> Status: raw OCR chapter split, not proofread.


## Page 45

SCENARIOS 45
2. Players roll the dice to choose starting track set-ups from
SCENARIOS those below.
Trt
GAME ONE aN
\ =
“You've come along way, boy, I'll give you that. But you made rN SEE
a mistake when you told the guys you could do a better job 2 SEB SS" AS o
than me. You don’t even know all the roads around here. | ee f= = We
wanna show you a little scenic route | used to take as a kid, a3 EN hog See
called Bulldozer Alley. Let’s say we take a trip down there. re Vid
Now.” My 3 Fuad
i __ fy aN va
A western chapter of the Maniax has discovered, and pee HH
successfully raided, a US government weapons cache in the ee ba Hi
Mojave desert in part of what used to be Fort Irwin Military AS -, na aN SL
Reservation. Now, there is a power struggle as the gang’s two (HERA RA mea WSs SEE
most prominent (and greedy) members gamble for control of Se See”
the outfit. The weapons chosen for the duel come from the N ce See
raided store, and the Outlaws have the tech to use them. SS i ey
1. Both players drive identically equipped cars. They each roll 5 6 TREE ME
for drive skill. : HARD Vig
P PEERS _— ina
Score Drive, Skill - oN 4 EN Ce va
2 3 we. A Cee
3 3 SE aN oan
4 3
5 4 Bulldozer Alley begins on the first section of track
6 5 generated by a player.
V8 Renegade + turret mounted missile launcher with 3. Both drivers roll a dice to determine the lead car. The lead
missile fire computer (Missiles: HE, HE, HE, Cannister, car begins the game anywhere in the second track section.
Smoke, HiVAP) The following car begins in the first track section. Each
driver selects starting speed (anywhere from zero to
a maximum mph). .
RENEGADE 4. Alltrack sections generated after the initial set-up will have
sand or debris on them.
208% | wer | MEANS YMCCRENATON! GOAN EEE” | owe CS GOR Random hazard markers are placed on the edges of the
ve 1490 | 4 Ub | 22 120 soe nega or road so that they occupy three lanes in a single space.
Boag falselo pole [el yelsl*lelet There won't be enough markers to represent all the hazards
Love orp niu sped. gh pectin ac 1 point of bunting whan scare fla pekon wl required, or there won't be enough of the same type. Place
up markers when both drivers have gone past them.
FAA AA EH AHH +491 Of course, experienced modellers may wish to make their
own, three-dimensional markers for hazards. Sand, flock
A A Casaine Soviet Seve pT Siem spare Bon or ballastis readily available from any model shop and can
oo eal [a i | ee ee be glued to strips of card to create the desired effect.
“ 4 (Ere a ve Generation
———— ¥ = To determine the number and nature of the obstacles both
Sf ja % the large dice should be rolled.
Fane fii] a] & = @ irom rere =| The number on the higher scoring dice gives you the type
[“ ia = a os [lei of road hazard.
- | eg = Road
1 pe Score Hazard
Pe PI) pre 1-3 Sand
ance" [accamscri [ oamace i nance | faccunace} [ canace 4-6 Debris
sos mee se The number on the lower scoring dice gives the side of
40K .
: a BS — the road on which they should be placed - 1-2 left, 3-4
right, 5-6 both. This is also the number of markers to be
ae ual aan placed.
[mt “| “| pose — Markers should be placed, in order generated, from the
[" [~ | space nearest to the start of the track, and working
—- ———— — forwards in the direction of play.
On straight sections there are 3 spaces on the tracks, on
curves there are 2-5 spaces. Sometimes there will be more
- than enough counters to fill the entire side. In these cases,
any counters which won't fit should be placed on the next
track section.
_ 5. The winner is the driver of the first car to travel along ten
sections of Bulldozer Alley.

## Page 46

46 SCENARIOS
The Red Dog - a bar seething with low life. Apparently, it’s named after a Sanctioned Op.
y eel ee Ye
i abe Oe ES LS OSS LE ea CR
. ee . ee Scare Oe a eee A = ae Ta ES a <9
pt) Fae yea Me Wis, he ogy
GAME TwO GAME FOUR
“You're right. We join up and nobody around here's gonna have ~The comm voice was Clinical. “Mr Brunner, please fasten your
the firepower to get in our way. Sounds like I'm the best man __ seatbelt. We may have a problem.”
to run this gang. Don't like the idea, huh? Well, let’s be pro, . . . .
5 - 7 ;¢ _An€xpress Sanctioned Op is escorting a Gerilech corporation
here, {know some good territory just cryin’ for us to sort this executive across country when a bike gang make an
° assassination attempt.
Another gang, about the same in strength as the Maniax : . .
chapter above, wants to join up with the chapter to secure | Prevers decide who wil play tha Op and exec and w no will
a tighter grip on this stretch of desert. But there can only be play the biker gang. You can roll a dice for this, the lower
one gang leader... scorer taking the part of the Op and exec.
| A 2. The exec’s car is a custom built saloon that can be
1. porn players Nave $100,000 to build and equip a Renegade represented by an unarmed Interceptor or a suitable die-
. cast model. Basically, it’s a V6 Interceptor with 4 points
2, The game continues as Game 1 above. of carbon plastic armour on all facings and no weapons.
The Op player has $100,000 to design and equip an
me s: Interceptor to escort the executive. The Outlaw player has
em a $100,000 to design and equip a biker gang. Trikes may
j ye Oy 3 be used.
d 1 Stee oN > |
\ a
) “tI ‘ GENTECH CAR
MO ate. . wont Tom] ranoune Yeccarnion] onanme | wannmn amgum
wSSBs | teat a ee
GAME THREE [2+]es]=2] [oo] 9] ew ]6] [x] ee] ols ToT Tels To [2 [et]
“Here they come, spreadin’ out to cover the whole damn
Two opposing Outlaw gangs meet up on a deserted stretch HE--EH- HE E-EEEAE
of interstate to settle old scores. |
1. Each player has $200,000 to build an Outlaw gang. This
must consist of a minimum of 2 Renegades and 3 bikes.
This minimum may be exceeded if a player wishes.
2A track is selected from those given in 3 track selection is made from the choice given in Game 1.
Game 1. Extra track is generated using the normat continuous
3. Players begin at opposite ends of the track, facing each generation rules from Dark Future.
other. Both prayers choose starting speeds from Oto 4 Decide whether the game is to be a pursuit or an intercept.
maximum mph. Roll the dice: ona roll of 1,2,3,4 the game is a pursuit; on
4. Play continues until there are no opponents left alive or a 5 or 6 the game is an intercept. In a pursuit game, the
capable of doing damage. Any vehicle that moves off either Op and exec vehicles starton track section 3 at any speed
end of the track is assumed to have left the battle and from O-max mph. The bikers start on section 1 at O-max
cannot be brought back into play. The winner is the player mph. In an intercept game, the biker player starts on section
with at least one vehicle capable of firing and moving at 1 (at O-max mph) and the Op player starts facing in the
the end of the battle. opposite direction, on section 8,9 or 10, moving at 6Omph.

## Page 47

SCENARIOS 47
ge 2 8 SOE SGAKACE EM
ane Xs RSS Swe a. Ley, Se (spe
a. ore ee RS " 4 st =I Y: an ee ‘ ronal ES
ook. yy ae gs Ya ws id) A Ra > 9 SOMES bs, &
“ \ . Ny ‘. (ae, 1A ys : @ sale me yo aR SS . 2
Vi ws ‘Rigg 3 a git Exe oe a8 . 14 ak 2
ae OWN ee . ey ict " oe, i ' 2
i ES" aN i . aa oA “ a ae oS
cc | Siena L A — a
GAME FIVE GAME SIX
‘Fair trial, my ass. Get off my back while you've still gota “The man waits, Rado. You ready?”
face. That is your face I'm tatkin’ to, isn’t it?” “Don't use words you don't understand, Mendez.”
An Op has turned renegade. He’s in an agency car being . .
pursued by a former associate. Missiles cannot be used in Mendez atu binaa tor rival Pot te ole eran ofthe
this game.
9 . . Outlaws. A Yakuza man who wants somebody to nurture the
1. Each player has $100,000 to build their Interceptor. young talent in the area has offered $100,000 to fund a new
2. A starting track is selected from those in Game 1. Quitaw oe to the winner of a race through a dangerous
3. The renegade Op begins the gam: ection 3. Hi
starts ow section 2 game on sect “S pursuer 1. Both players have identical standard trikes. The trikes
4. Further track is generated as in Game 4. 2. Track i ; das inG 1
. jenerated as in Game 1.
5. The renegade Op wins the game by destroying or out- Tack is 9
distancing his opponent. The agency Op wins by 3. The first trike to complete twenty sections of track is the
destroying or immobilising the fugitive. winner.
/ Bee ic ak - Oe owe rs: i) s
‘ f e ¥ eg , a» wf s Cop ty & Ae) el el BS SONS
cs ch\ il 5 ‘ Gy Pe ee gE LE eS NS
aor: ars " \ d * faim ae . / hana Ne . a =
ee Soy Ss Sy oe oe sat) ee TS lial _ bie it A &
. ‘Aha a ee = Shi. (See Pi et Se. FS
~—_ te ee, pee bli Oe © areal

## Page 48

NAME SKILL ee
VEHICLE ENGINE TOTAL HANDLING |ACCELERATION| BRAKING MAXIMUM ARMOUR ee
STATS ADD-ONS WEIGHT SPEED ee
FRONT FLOOR | |e
SIDES REAR ROOF] fo
= ENS eee STEERED ESRC
* Lose 10mph maximum speed, 5mph acceleration and 1 point of handling when score falls below this value. pe ge
 SSRRERRRRRERRRERERRReee
HOOD: ROOF: EU asise a
RANGE | [Accuracy! [ DAMAGE ACCURACY ee
SHOTS e - = | Lee
WING: SIDE: ee _
RANGE | |accuracy| | DAMAGE Using as many photocopies of RANGE | |AccuRACY| | DAMAGE ee
this page as you need, draw or ee
stick a picture of the vehicle of bee ee
sors your choice into this space and  .
place weapon boxes and SHOTS ee
markers appropriately. pe a
SHOTS DAMAGE ee
TAILGATE:
AccURACY| | DAMAGE ee
eee nae ee Renin Seis
a rr—“ mrrCsisi—C rsCi—i rse$RCrs—Cids=Ss<i«$é;é$;;e;”™CO”iC:C:isrsk;sts=ststsSsétSs=tCi<i‘ ;ié‘’i’iéCONONOOCNCYzaC;Ci‘ié‘;RC*C*CN a r—“RR
ee == a LL
rrr rr rr cc cr cc a rr—r——O—C—C—Csrs—:s—Ss—Si<é‘(‘’RCCC $e
| —r—“—.CLCUNC«C‘'C‘(C(‘‘é’CONCi‘iC(RODCCOCCCCCCCiCis(C‘(O U‘(‘(CNCOOONCOCNCNCCCCCCisi.sCis:«CisitCC;szé®s«iCrs”CCOwt
